Aachen
highest comfort outstanding reaction and switching times even less
fuel consumption
The new eight-speed automatic transmission can easily do more, but still open
successful ZF predecessor models on we have the 8-speed automatic transmission
a bit far those of the 6 nevertheless the second generation with given
and that are very sporting genes characterized by very short
Start times specifically means that the switching times below the human
Perception screens etc
in the kickdown with 70 kilometers per hour, the transmission needs just 400
Milliseconds to switch from eighth to second gear
this is just one example of more power with less consumption
because despite all the additional benefits compared to the previous one
Six-speed second-generation gearbox at 8-speed automatic transmission still around
another six percent of fuel saved supplemented by the
start-stop function, the potential for savings is even a final spurt
cents
a key factor is that the engine enters at lower speeds
can thus be less Roth fuel consumption
the second advantage is that the transmission itself is significantly more efficient
As a six-speed automatic transmission is the secret of this impressive
Efficiency increases
when you visit the ZDF production plant in Saarbrücken
There, the crucial items are not only manufactured but
also put together to form an overall system
For example, the four planets wheel sets of the creek Gang
Automatic transmission here in a so-called wheelset drum individually
to be built in
SID and other components show that innovative wheelset concept per gear
always only two switches Elementa open thereby minimize
Traps losses Fuel is saved
Meanwhile, in Saarbrücken the wheelset tower is already for installation
Marriage with the housing bell follows as the next step
Transmission now for increased performance at less
Lack of fuel is my brain
or in other words a control specifically in this case the mechatronics
Child she simply takes the driver off the switch by going for
he decides when which gear to choose and she will with great
Precision and a lot of instinct in Saarbrucken made
and then integrated a few meters further into the transmission
with the 8-speed automatic gearbox another innovative product is in operation
Saarbrücken from the band that in vehicles of the compact class up to
Luxury class is used
will bring food more efficiency more variability and more performance that
new 8-speed automatic transmission